We're talking about the depth of Leoland.
Ha.. ha.. ha..   Movie  Koreans   Yeah, that's true.
Hmm...
OKay...    gandalf>>   Yeah...
Oh, it's the Wings of Power. That's so gross.
It's   True...
Her name...
Galateria ... Laglass..    I thing  Galateria  is a lot...
Yeah...    She's 18.
I don't know like I don't think Tolkien wrote
when he was born? I think Woodland King is really old.
Galadriel is super old  too...   Yeah.. He could be really old too...
I shan't.
Ha, ha, ha...
It could be. It could be, yeah.
Yeah, she's like
three very original elves in Middle-earth
And then I think she's like his daughter.
She's like second generation else...
In the world...  Ha..  ha..  ha..
Kind of. Or granddaughter? Or something like that. No, no, no, she's granddaughter.. Yeah..
Anyway. Ha..  ha..  ha...   Hmmm
So...
Ah  huh...
Ha.. ha.. ha.. Oh, Brandon Cass! He's cute!
He  bring the differy........
That's true. He only shows up a little bit in the third movie.
Yeah...
And they attack and though ... (***)
And then he comes in with his rabbit and then takes Gandalf out.
Yeah..   Yeah..    He comes at the very end riding the eagle
She brings the eagles
Yeah...  (***)
Ha.. ha.. ha..  Bail one...  Ohh.. Bail one...
Baeone. ..    Baeone...
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha..  ha...  ha..  I thought it was Baeone, but it was Baeone..
But Baeone sounds better than Beorn. Anyway... ha..  ha..
Ahh  hum. ...Yeah yeah yeah
Yeah... Oh, the beast, the tiger  beast.
Au  hung.. Yeah..  That's actually something specified in the book(***).
humongous idea yeah it actually comes in world
I know sing a song...
No, that's..No I know..thats not from the book because in the book..
His descendants are still there in the Lord of the Rings.
But then in the movie they said he's the last one.
Yeah.. That's true...  and his connect...
and his motor for helping the dwarves.
I wouldn't be there otherwise. Yeah.. Yuuu...
I don't like dwarves,...
But orcs I hate more.. ha.. ha.. ha.. ha.. Yeah...
Yeah.....     Yeah...
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah... yeah.. ha... ha.. ha..  yeah...
Yeah..   yeah...  yeah...     Yeah...  And then he has information that even Gandalf wants.
Like in the.. In
In  the ...   In the not cut version... Cycle
Am.. like in  in  the un cat versi....n
Like, we are in talks about the dead walking?
And the Gandalf didn't know about that.
And so that's part of what gets Yanda to go to check out those tombs.
The dead walking with the Nazgul.
Yeah... So he knew about the Naskell.
Rumors about them and then Gandalf did it
And so that's what led Gandalf to realize that this was Sauron.
Yeah .. yeah... yeah... yeah... yeah....
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wasn't there. Yeah, none of them were there.
Well yeah well all the tools were open
The  true..They were not locked up.
Well, that's what they did. Yeah.
Well..Yeah, well they were buried there... Yeah.. (***)
Yeah, because they all broke up because they were called.
Yeah...  It's really interesting. In the movie...
They did like all the Nazgul died.
So they're ghosts basically, but in the book they never died.
They're just people who faded from being regular people
to basically...